it's morning in the Kalahari and
this female cheetah has
discovered that our cards are
growing
evermore independent she calls
for them
but they've already gone out
exploring
and they've discovered a wounded
gemsbok that may have escaped
from online
its week but something tells
them
still outta there early
their intrigues tree don't know
what to do
its warns would be lethal it's
too big
even for their mother to tackle
eventually their curiosity
satisfied
he their mother lead to Gansbaai
to its fate
young female shooters like these
often team up together where's
female cheetahs live solitary
lives
unless they have cups he's too
were probably brothers and
partners for life
yea hunts go courting and today
you're exploring together of pic
the cheetah cubs have gone out
hunting without their mother
have come across a furtive gans
Bob and the hunt is on
they've caught a cab but they're
about to find out
this like their own mother the
caps mothers fears
offspring are threatened
she's desperate to free her
youngster from the Cheetahs
strangling
night
the camp seems none the worse
for its adventure
and its mother turns retention
again to the cheaters
the cap had a lucky escape the
cheaters
have been fortunate as well can
spark for words are
deadly weapons because how could
so easily children in the
cheetah cubs are about 18 months
old
you're old enough to leave their
mother seek their own fortunes
once they go she never see them
again